Linear regression imp questions:

1.what is linear regression ?
 
2.Assumptions of linear regression ?

 linear regression have five key assumptions:
 
 1.linear relationship
 2.multivariate normality
 3.No or little multicollinearity
 4.No auto-correlation
 5.Homoscedasticity.

3.Normal Equation ?
 
 Normal equations obtained by setting equal to zero the partial derivatives of the sum of squared errors(least squares).
 normal equations allow one to estimate the parameters of a multiple linear regression.

4.What happens when we move from simple linear regression to multiple linear regresion ?

 it is also called simple linear regression.it estimates the relationship between two variables using a straight line.
 if two or more explanatory variables have a linear relationship with the dependent variable,the regression is called multiple linear regression.

5. What is Heteroscedasticity?
  Heteroscedasticity is the exact opposite of homoscedasticity.
  It entails that there is no equal distribution of the error terms. 
  You use a log function to rectify this phenomenon.

6. What is the primary difference between R square and adjusted R square?

  In linear regression, you use both these values for model validation.
  However, there is a clear distinction between the two. 
  R square accounts for the variation of all independent variables on the dependent variable. 
 In other words, it considers each independent variable for explaining the variation. 
  In the case of Adjusted R square, it accounts for the significant variables alone for indicating the percentage of variation in the model.
  By significant, we refer to the P values less than 0.05.

7. Best fit line is also called ?
  
  Best fit line is also called as least square regression line.

8. Which plot is best suited to test the linear relationship of independent and dependent continuous variables?
   
   The Scatter plot is the best way to determine the relationship between continuous variables.
   You can find out how one variable changes with respect to the other.

9.  What are the disadvantages of the linear regression model?
   
   One of the most significant demerits of the linear model is that it is sensitive and dependent on the outliers.
   It can affect the overall result. Another notable demerit of the linear model is overfitting. 
   Similarly, underfitting is also a significant disadvantage of the linear model.
 